To show how probabilistic games work,
I've invented a version of
isolation called Sloppy Isolation.
In this game, players may not
actually move where they intended.
For example,
if our player is trying to go to here,
it only has an 80% chance of
hitting the square intended.
There's a 10% chance the player
will undershoot its goal.
And there's a 10% chance the computer
player will overshoot its goal.
But suppose the computer player is in a
place where moving is very constrained.
For example, here,
if the computer player is moving to the
right, it can't go beyond the border.
In that case, there's 100% chance
it'll land on the intended square.
If the computer player is trying to move
to the last square here, there's a 90%
chance of it hitting its intended square
and a 10% chance of it falling short.
Similarly, if our computer player is
just trying to move over by one, there's
a 90% chance it will hit the square
once and a 10% chance it will overshoot.